[Music]
yup it's a rather challenging feat to
get rid of love handles
the whole workout won't take more than
five minutes
number one russian twists sit down on an
exercise mat with your legs bent at the
knee
and feet flat on the floor your upper
body should be leaning back
at 45 degrees to the ground pick up a
dumbbell
not me and hold it with both hands
lift your feet off the floor cross them
at the ankles
and balance on your backside twist your
upper body to the right
and touch the floor next your side with
the dumbbell
now rotate your torso to the left and
again
touch the weight to the ground repeat
this movement
40 times which makes 20 times on each
side
all the while keep balancing with your
upper body and feet
raised off the ground two
bicycle crunches lie down on your back
with your legs bent at the knee
your thigh should be perpendicular and
your calves parallel to the floor
put your hands behind your head fingers
interlocked
like that tighten your abs and lift your
shoulders and upper back
off the floor while rotating your torso
move your right elbow toward your left
knee
they should meet over the middle of your
body straighten your right leg but keep
it off the floor
now change your position by raising your
right leg
and lowering the left one this time your
left
elbow should meet with your right knee
do
30 crunches as quickly as possible try
to keep your upper body
off the floor throughout the whole
exercise
get equipped for any season with brand
new bright side merch
click the link and grab your print
three swimmers lie down on your stomach
with your arms stretched out
in front of you parallel to each other
keep your feet
shoulder-width apart raise your right
arm
and your left leg off the floor and hold
them in the air for a few seconds
then lower them back down to the ground
repeat the same movement for your left
arm and right leg
do 10 reps on each side
4. wood choppers stand straight with
your feet hip
width apart with one dumbbell in your
hands
put your body weight on your left leg
use both of your hands to raise the
weight up to your left shoulder
then twist your body down in a chopping
motion
toward your right hip as if you were
cutting down a large tree
your knees and feet should pivot with
the twist
lift the weight back up to your left
shoulder do 20 reps on your left side
then repeat the same motion 20 times on
your right side
five side plank hip lifts
get into a side plank position with your
right elbow on the ground
and your right hip and leg resting on
the floor
engage your abs and lift the lower part
of your body off the floor
keep your body in a straight line stay
in this position for two seconds
and then get back to the floor repeat 15
times on the right side
then do 15 reps on the left side
six side squats stand straight with your
feet
wide apart the toes turn slightly out
your arms should be stretched out in
front of you at shoulder height
bend your left leg at the knee and push
your hips backward
lower yourself down over your left leg
until your thigh is parallel to the
floor
keep your right leg as straight as
possible and your heels down on the
floor
then straighten your left leg and return
to the starting position
bend your right leg at the knee and
squat over it
this time make sure your left leg is
straight
do 10 reps for each side side squats
target mainly your lower body but this
exercise also gives your abdominal and
oblique muscles a nice workout
which will melt love handles away
7. knee drop take an exercise ball
or make a ball out of a thick towel lie
down with your back
on an exercise mat keep your knees bent
and feet
flat on the floor put the ball between
your knees
and stretch your arms to the sides while
keeping the ball in place
drop your knees to the right until you
touch the floor
or feel stretch in your lower back and
hips stay in this position for a few
seconds
then tighten your abs and move your
knees to the left
do 20 reps on each side remember not to
hurry
and don't do sudden movements if you
want to enjoy the results as soon as
possible
do these exercises regularly at least
three times a week
once they become too simple for you
repeat the entire set
three times in a row move from one
exercise to another
as fast as you can in addition to this
set
try to have a half an hour cardio
session every other day
it can be as simple as skipping public
transport on your way home after
work researchers from duke university in
north carolina
studied a group of people for eight
months they discovered that those who
walked for about 30 minutes six times a
week didn't gain any belly fat within
this time
an effective way to forget about love
handles is cycling
if you don't have an opportunity to ride
a real thing you can use an exercise
bike
quickly shifting from side to side while
riding it will work your oblique muscles
you can also try a hula hoop this
exercise is fun
but it works wonders for toning your
sides put on some music and move your
hips
maneuvering the hula hoop lower and
higher around your waist
once you feel your oblique muscles kick
in the process of losing love handles
has begun other tips to lose love
handles are even simpler and more
pleasurable for example sleep more
not getting enough sleep raises the
levels of cortisol
the main stress hormone which works as
your body's built-in alarm system
if cortisol levels are high you can
start to put on weight
one study was following 1 000 people for
five years
the researchers found out that the
participants who slept fewer than five
hours per night
had more belly fat than those who had
seven to eight hours of sleep
relieve your stress that's another
reason why your body might be
releasing cortisol figure out what makes
you stress out
try to change your schedule so that
you're less busy
if your stress is caused by something
that's out of your control
learn to handle it in a healthy way
running
yoga meditation drawing or keeping a
journal can help
you don't have to cut down on all kinds
of carbs just replace
refined carbohydrates with complex ones
in other words
instead of serving pasta white rice and
white bread
opt for beans sweet potatoes brown rice
and oats
complex carbs are digested more slowly
because they contain lots of fiber
that's why they keep your hunger at bay
throughout the day it helps you eat less
ditch added sugar if there's lots of it
in your diet
you're likely to have excess body fat
especially in the waste area
you can find added sugar not only in
candies cookies sodas or sports
drinks such sweeteners as honey agave
nectar
table sugar and corn syrup contain
fructose
it's a simple sugar that causes belly
fat
fats won't harm your body but only if
they're healthy
some of the products containing such
fats are avocados
nuts seeds olive oils and
fatty fish healthy fats can actually
slim your waistline
a study of more than 7 000 people found
that those who followed a high-fat diet
with
olive oil and fish lost more weight than
those who were on a low-fat diet
another study showed that people who ate
avocados
tended to have less belly fat and
weighed less than those who didn't
eat regularly this way you won't have
blood sugar spikes
which often lead to belly weight gain to
get rid of love handles
eat small meals several times a day at
the same time
and try to avoid snacking after 8 pm
see nothing to it yeah right